Bobby sleepy Kings at you
I don't even keep yawning feeling this
this my fault God you brought me do it
all I just want to thank you for real
stay by my side I'm your soldier I'm
ready to ride look in my eyes that's
operation of the guy they something
deeper nothing like you fall on my side
I'm your soldier I'm ready to ride look
at my eyes as I raised to the sky they
sowed the seed we're not leaving live
take a walk with me come and talk to me
when they drunk they been using it all
for me may my enemies my foot to vote
for me do my deceiving ways you never
football Don forgive me but I know not
what I do lord I need you lord so what
we do lord dark nights ago for you shine
do lord they close one when you open up
with you dog i want to thank you for
being there for me heartbroken a pain
you write test from ear innate or gave
up you still care for me i can't get it
all cuz you took the fear from me I know
who you this wall won't lose to me what
I gotta do I'm ready
I told you I'm you soldier I'm ready to
move you put me through with all this
why this song is for you father stay by
my side I'm your soldier I'm ready to
ride look in my eyes as I pray to the
job they saw this beat but not see too
late live we have waffle stay by my side
I'm you soldier I'm ready to rock look
in my eyes as I read to the job they so
be speedran I see who they live remember
when they said I wouldn't be nothing you
ain't nothing in this something couldn't
see this coming now my name wasn't got
my CD bumping i would order you I can't
take credit for the night of it show me
my real friends the rest for me has so
many blessings for me I'm a living
testimony I got you wrong really me no
extra homies got a message for me
walking alone but never lonely father
stay by my side I'm you soldier I'm
ready to ride look at my eyes as I
prejudice drive they so goofy but not be
too late
on my side I'm your soldier I'm ready to
ride look at my eyes as I Richard a job
they sowed the seeds are not people they
love
you